On the other hand, we obviously have
the share of company acquisition.
We do not have commercials
that will visit companies or
we have very few commercials
that will visit companies, but
we do exactly the same, we
make our platform known through
the internet to all companies.
Then all that makes you
have a much lower structure
and operating costs
than traditional ones.
We start with the technical part of the
class.
What we will do is, using
the business model canvas,
we will analyze the disruption
in Jovan Talent’s business
model and compare it with
the traditional models
of a temporary work
company.
The first thing I want you to
understand is that there are similarities.
Both Jovan Talent and its
traditional competitors, the
value proposition is mainly
about connecting supply
and demand for work.
There are two segments of customers.
On the other hand, you
have candidates who want to work
in those companies, who
are interested in those jobs.
In both cases, both models generate
variable income by intermediation
in this type of operations.
But we will analyze, from what
Felix has told us, how the model
of his competitors of a traditional
temporary work company is.
Felix advanced us on what the
ETT proposal consists of or what
it is.
The value proposal of an ETT
is mainly based on the people
they offer in the ETT employees,
who offer advice and establish
one-to-one relationships
between the ETT employees
and the two customer
segments, companies
and candidates.
On the part of companies, the
ETT has to have sellers,
with commercials that capture
those companies and in addition
to service the candidates
need offices.
Therefore, the ETT has to
have an Y all this has huge
implications in terms of resources
and in terms of costs.
As we can see, we have put the same
thing in the key resource section
as in the costs.
A large staff and a
network of offices
covering the entire
national geography.
Well, because from this photo, which
we have described very well the
business model of an ETT, we will
go to see what the innovations
generated by Jovan Talent have been.
And let’s start with the first thing
Felix has told us and he has talked
about technology.
Well, Jovan Talent instead of
relying on people and offices on
this type of assets, rely on a
completely different asset that
is a technology platform that
connects supply and demand.
Therefore, we are already establishing
personal relationships between
ETT employees and the two customer
segments, but digital relationships
are established, as we
see here.
This also generates a greater value
in terms of immediate, as
far as fast matching is concerned,
because the platform is very
efficient connecting the two
customer segments.
Moreover, Felix told us, we
are clearly not in need
of offices, we do not need sellers.
Jovan Talent does not need
offices or sellers to connect
or establish relationships
with its customers.
Everything is digital, everything is online.
The capture strategy, for example,
is done through online
marketing.
Well, all that has a impact, in
that the costs are much lower,
because the structure is
much lighter.
Let us summarize.
In three main values, innovation
generated by Jovan Talent.
One, it offers more value to
customers thanks to immediate.
The platform, as we said, is very
efficient by connecting very quickly
and agile to the supply and
demand of work.
Much more than people who
work in an ETT.
In addition, being a lighter company,
which does not depend on
sellers or offices, is much
more scalable.
It can grow much faster.
And as Felix told us, they also
have a competitive advantage
over ETTs, because their
costs are much lower.
And they can offer a cheaper
rate than a traditional ETT.
Well, and to finish, what we will
do from Power Envié is to congratulate
the three artists of Jovan
Talent’s success, Félix Ruiz,
Juan Nurdíales and Felipe Navío,
who, despite having gone very
badly, have known how to overcome
very complicated circumstances,
have known how to pivot and evolve
their business model.
And they are currently in an
upward phase, in which they will
clearly become the sector of
temporary work, both in Spain
and in all the markets in which
they are present.